Welcome back.
We just implemented our own stack and hopefully you're able to code along as well in your own language.
Now, here's my next challenge to you.
What if we used a raise for this stack?
Up until this point or what we've quoted in has been with a lengthy list that we've created.
How would you change the code if you want to implement this in an array?
And the hint here is that it's going to be super, super simple.
It's going to involve deleting a lot of this code because while arrays already have push and pop.
So my challenge to you is to convert this stack data structure to use arrays instead of linked lists.
Good luck and I'll see you in the next video.